Yes Thank you very much for your introduction of Mr. Mr. Masana seems to be active in Kochi
so
It's like a is also doing guitar and give me Cow teacher I a Well
A If you are interested in the head if I have to search for official business page 8 Masengu's
youtube channel youtube channel
Toka or was Mac Toka apple-based products
Well for example ipad or later app
It sounds like sad things are listed in sound car-based apps, but if you want to
I hope you can follow from the previous video
This is what I want to introduce this time
It is attached to go pro hero 3
Ussu one outfit
The
It 's like this for what I bought , and I feel like I'm taking a selfie
There is
go pro hero 3 You can also set the screen opposite to that
right
It feels like it's a bit high, and it's good to crawl on the ground like this
You may also receive the take Za' and movies
This time Nde this usage quite interesting and well, such how to take as creeping this kind of ground
It is from the top from the top
Is this area
I'd like to introduce you a little bit of what happened when I shoot from above
I'm sorry
Yeah yeah yeah
me
tee
Woofer.ne.jp
me
Knee high
Meow net Why is 8
Masu Tei
Toka or can also putts in something like this pretty painful it is to Well Weight 210g
Deetto booby dub this it's a little not fit
13008 mm
1308230 cm
It extends to
Up to 30 centimeters gym
Well, it's like this height for taking photos
Take everything you want to do from the point of view that you have never seen yourself
I think it was common to just stretch the camera to shoot at high code
Well Gopuro Toka compact digital camera Toka such monopod
The photos point of view never seen until now not be able to take in this kind of extended if
As it can also be taken
Why don't you try playing around with this kind of difference in specification
This belle boy's ultra stick m 50 yen approx 3000 yen a little ago
Nde sells in about not going pollution or to have well go pro who was worrisome
If you are shooting a movie with Condé or
Gone to shadow other you under the camera to the guts What item you like if you care
Though it is me who has sold a car
Following
And always there is a picture of a nice market I want a car to say that the comfort of various cars is good
Let me think it is
I would like to move to the picture of Mr. Kiss My Life
Video of Mr. Kiss My Life is this car
I used to have a car in the old days